{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green61\blue204;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TBC3  Herbaceous Surveys 2016\
 \
Data collected in TBC3 Woody Vegetation Superplots (17 in total) \
Data collected from 20160413 - 20160419 (4-5 days of field work required) \
Data entered into XXX.csv \
Species codes entered into XXX.csv\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx2893\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Meter tapes were run for the outside lines clockwise starting at the orgin corner (SW). At the 5m,10m,15m point along each side, percent cover and dominant phenological stage were recorded in .5 x .5m subplots. The subplot were placed 20cm into the plot. There are 12 subplots in total for each plot. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 - Species with any presence was recorded as 1% cover as the minimum percentage.\
- Phenological stages recorded were in flower (FLW), in fruit (FRT), or vegetative (VEG).\
- Starting the origin corner the subplots were placed in quads A2, A3, A4, B4, C4, D4, D3, D2, D1, C1, B1, A1 ( this is a different order than present on the data sheet \'97> modified in 2017) \
\
Species were recorded with 6-letter codes (First 3 letters of genus and species name) or 9-letter if shorter species code is repeated for species. Taxon identified only to the genus level were given as a species code of XXX_SP.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf2 NOTE: there is a repeated code for POLCAL (milkwort or fern that needs to resolved in the data entry process) \cf0 \
  \
The entire plot was walked with multiple passes (approx. 15 minutes spent searching) to create an species list for the entire plot that includes species not found in the subplots. These species were added to the datasheet under 
\i Species
\i0 , but have no information for any of the subplots. \
\
2017:\
- modified order of quads on datasheet\
-  split cells so that cover and phenological stage were more easily differentiated  }