{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NOTES FOR THIS FOLDER "ANALYSES":\
\
All scripts in this folder analyze multiple data-sets that are associated with the TBC3 woody vegetation plots and can incorporate data across years. \
\
Please describe all scripts that are put into this folder, including what data they use, the purpose of the scripts, when last edited, and author. \
\
\
The below scripts all function independently; functions have also been built to access a lot of these data in an easier, and better way. Explanations of these functions can be found "FunctionNotes.rtf". The function themselves can be found "PWFunctions.R". A script that walk you through all the functions is "MasterScript.R".\
\
MasterData.R: creates data frames that have plot specific data "plot.info" (
\i e.g. 
\i0 UTM coordinates) and "mega.data", which has a list of each tagged tree in each plot; this script can also create data frames with cover and individual number by species by plot. \
\
SeedlingJuvenileScript.R: Make the 2013 seedling and juvenile count data usable for analyses; creates dataframe SEJU.Plot \
\
Envr.Variables.R: Brings in the environmental variables (eg. % soil, bedrock, herb) for each plot measured in 2013\
\
Climate.Pts.R: # Intent: Creates a data frame ("climate.pts") that contains all the climate values for each PW woody veg plot for the following layers: DEM, MarchRadiation, TMaxJUL, TminJAN, Tpi500, Soil.Moisture. Also creates a dataframe ("bioclim") that merges plot climate data basal.area/number of each species\
\
Densiometer13.R: Bring in densiometer data taken in May 2013 for potential analyses\
\
Dominance.R: Examines species dominance in each plot by calculating the percentage of each species relative to the total biomass of the plot, uses bioclim ands creates a data frame "dominance.max"\
\
Ordination.Script.R: Analyze woody community data with ordinations, focusing on trees and saplings only \
\
NOT YET FUNCTIONING SCRIPTS BELOW THIS LINE\
\
Size class comparisons.R:Combines tree,sapling,juvenile, and seedling data for each species in each plot; Builds correlations between different size classes (only the 2nd part is broken)\
\
PlotSchematic.R: creates a schematic with visible locations for each individual tree in each quad of each plot; points may be colored by species or size class \
\
PercentDecidious.R: calculates the percent of each plot (basal area or number) that is deciduous\
}